### Course Project for ECE-GY 9123 Deep Learning

Instructor: Chinmay Hegde 

Team members: \
Shihao Ju \
William Xia

**Project title**: Millimeter-Wave Statistical Channel Modeling for Indoor Factories Using Generative Nets

**Abstract**: The vast amounts of bandwidth (over tens of GHz) offered by the Millimeter-wave (mmWave) and Terahertz (THz) spectrum have the potential to support rapidly increasing mobile traffic demand throughout the world. Conventional channel modeling approaches may not accurately characterize the wireless channel given the increased number of complex modeling components. Thus, deep learning is considered to be a potential solution to this problem from a data-driven perspective. This project aims to employ a generative adversarial network (GAN) to predict statistical channel information by using the simulated channels generated from a ray tracer as the training data.

**File Structure**:

1. Folder "code" contains the main code to generate channel information and evalution code to validate the performance of the nets.

2. Folder "mmwchanmod" contains the helper functions to process the ray tracing data generated from the ray tracer Remcom, which is cloned from [NYU WIRELESS Repository](https://github.com/nyu-wireless/mmwchanmod).

3. Folder "ray_tracer_output" contains the .csv files of simulated channel information such as positions, pathloss, delay, angles created by the ray tracer Remcom.

4. Folder "results" contains the .csv files of channel information generated by the generator net and other plots. 

5. Folder "reports" contains all the submitted reports during the semester.

6. File "factory_warehouse.p" is a pickle file obtained from the ray tracing data and used in the main code.

